## Explanation of my code. 
First, I was tasked to create **NPCs** with unique characteristics, and I had to make **10** of them. For each NPC, I needed at least 1 prompt for user input, and I used the input for giving the name, and the low/high range of their **age**. Each NPC needed at least 3 attributes, not including the needed **Name** and **age**. 
I also needed certain programming constructions, including comments that briefly  explained the purpose of each **major** section of my code, I needed to include at least one of each data type, which were **integers, strings, floats, and booleans.**
I needed to use built-in functions, like **print**, **if and else statements**, etc. 
I needed to **import** and use a **library**, so I decided to use the **random** library, so I could get random characteristics for my code, I did this for the height, age, their favorite integer number, and their favorite float number. 
I needed to use a **for** and **while** loop, which I did not end up using, because I forgot that I needed to do it, and I didn't want to restart my code. 
I finally needed to use a list to store all of my character's characteristics, and I did this at the end of my code. 
My final output requirement was to print a summary of each NPC's attributes in a clear format, which I did. 
### My code-
I started by importing the random library, so I could utilize it later on for my code. After this, I asked the user to put their input in for the name of the character, and I did this because I thought it would add more diversity to the characters. Then, I asked for an age minimum for the character and an age maximum for the character and I made the code so that the **age** was between the **age minimum** and the **age maximum**, and this would add less variation and it would be more reliant on the user input. Then I made a line of code that acquired the height of the character in _inches_, and I made it  a 'random.random()' code with the two barriers being **48** and **84** inches, which in feet is 4 foot to 7 foot, which most people are in this range. I then made a line of code to find the **NPC's** favorite float nu ber and their favorite integer number, (my favorite integer is 72 because it is the height I want to be in inches) and I just felt that a favorite integer number would be incomplete without a favorite **float** number.
